 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
1
Term Sheet 
 
This term sheet (“Term Sheet”) executed on [●] (“Effective Date”) summarizes the principal terms and conditions for 
the proposed investment (“Proposed Transaction”) in [●] (“Company”) by [●] (“Investor”) and is executed by and 
between [●] and [●] (collectively, “Promoters”), the Company and the Investor. This Term Sheet has been entered to 
facilitate negotiations for the Proposed Transaction and is an expression of intention only and does not constitute an offer, 
agreement, agreement in principle, agreement to agree or commitment to provide financing. This Term Sheet is non-
binding except for Clause 4 which shall be legally binding on all parties hereto. 
 
1.0 
TRANSACTION DETAILS 
1.1  
Business 
The Company is currently engaged in the business of [●]. 
1.2  
Promoter(s) 
The Company is currently controlled by [●] and [●]. 
1.3  
Current 
Capital 
Structure 
The current paid up and issued share capital of the Company comprises of [●] equity shares 
with a face value of INR [●] per share and [●] preference shares with a face value of INR [●] 
per share. The Promoters hold [●] % in the current paid up and issued share capital of the 
Company. The shareholding pattern of the Company as on the Effective Date is as set forth in 
Schedule 1 hereto.   
1.4  
Instruments  
Equity shares having a face value of INR [●] each at a price of [●] per share (“Equity Shares”). 
“Definitive Documentation” shall have the meaning ascribed to it under Clause 3.1 of this 
Term Sheet. 
1.5  
Valuation 
For the purpose of the Proposed Transaction, the pre-money valuation of the Company is INR 
[●].  
1.6  
Proposed 
Transaction 
(i) 
Subject to applicable law, the Investor, along with certain other persons as set forth 
in the Definitive Documentation (collectively, “Investors”) proposes to make an 
investment of up to INR [●] (the “Investment Amount”) into the Company such 
that the post-investment shareholding structure of the Company shall be in the 
manner set out in Schedule 2 hereunder. It is agreed by the Parties that the 
Investment Amount may be subject to change at any time subsequent to the execution 
of this Term Sheet but prior to the execution of the Definitive Documentation, and 
in the event of the same, the post-money valuation and shareholding pattern of the 
Company shall be accordingly revised. 
(ii) 
The Parties will work towards achieving completion of the Proposed Transaction, 
including but not limited to the remittance of the Investment Amount and issue of 
corresponding Equity Shares (“Closing”) within the timeframe specified in the 
SSSHA.  
(iii) 
The shareholding pattern of the Company, immediately upon Closing shall be as set 
forth in Schedule 2 hereunder.  

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
2
1.7  
Advisory 
Equity 
The Company agrees to issue at the time of Closing, to [●], Equity Shares (“Advisory Equity”) 
equivalent to [●]% of [●] in value, in consideration of the advisory and mentoring services to 
be rendered by [●] on an ongoing basis, subject to the terms set forth in the Definitive 
Documentation. 
[LV Note: This is an optional clause and is to be included if an investor is getting 
advisory equity.] 
2.0 
KEY CONSIDERATIONS 
2.1  
Board 
Composition 
And Incidental 
Matters 
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) immediately upon Closing shall 
comprise of [●] directors, of which the Investors shall be entitled to nominate 1 (one) director 
(“Investor Director”) and the other directors shall be nominated by the Promoters. In the 
event of any increase or decrease in the number of directors, the number of directors so 
nominated by the Investors and the Promoters shall be proportionately increased or 
decreased. 
The Investors shall be entitled to nominated 1 (one) person as the observer of the 
proceedings of the Board (“Board Observer”). 
2.2  
Pre-emptive 
Rights 
The Investors shall have a pro rata right to participate in any future issue of shares by the 
Company to any third party and to retain their shareholding on a fully diluted basis in the 
Company on the same terms and conditions (including price) as offered to such third party. 
Circumstances where pre-emptive rights will not be applicable will be detailed in the 
Definitive Documentation. 
2.3  
Anti-Dilution 
Protection 
If at any time after Closing, the Company issues to any third party, equity shares or 
instruments convertible to equity shares, at a price per share that is lower than the price paid 
for the Equity Shares (or their conversion price), then the Investors shall be entitled to anti-
dilution protection on a broad based weighted average basis. In such an event, the Company 
shall be bound to, and the Promoters shall be bound to cooperate with the Investors and the 
Company such that, the Company forthwith takes all necessary steps to issue additional 
equity shares to the Investors. Circumstances where anti-dilution protection will not be 
applicable will be detailed in the Definitive Documentation. 
2.4  
Promoters’ Lock 
In 
The Promoters shall not be entitled to transfer to any person, the shares held by them in the 
Company, directly or indirectly, for a period of [3 (three)] years from the date of Closing 
(“Lock-in Period”). The Promoters may however transfer their shares to any person during 
the Lock-in Period subject to the prior written approval of the Investors and right of first 
refusal or tag along right as set forth in this Clause 2.  
2.5  
Vesting of 
Promoters’ 
Shares 
25% of the shares held by each Promoter shall be deemed to have vested on the date hereof, 
and the remaining 75% of the shares held by each Promoter (“Unvested Shares”) will be 
restricted over a 4-year period starting from the date of Closing (“Vesting Period”). Upon 
the completion of the first year, the Unvested Shares will be vested in equal instalments, every 

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
3
[3 (three)] months, over the next [3 (three)] years and shall cease to be part of the Unvested 
Shares. It is hereby clarified that the first quarterly vesting shall occur at the end of the 15th 
(fifteenth) month. In the event of termination of any of the Promoters’ employment with the 
Company any time during the Vesting Period, only the shares that remain part of the 
Unvested Shares shall be transferred to the Company and in the event such transfer to the 
Company is not feasible (by reason of restrictions under applicable law or otherwise), such 
Unvested Shares shall be disposed of in a manner determined by the Board and the Investors. 
 [LV Note: The manner of disposal of the Unvested Shares can be customised based 
on the understanding between the Parties.] 
2.6  
Promoters’ and 
Non-Selling 
Investors’ Right 
of First Offer 
In the event any of the Investors (“Selling Investor”) intends to sell all or part of their 
shareholding (“ROFO Shares”) in the Company to a third party (“Third Party Buyer”), 
then such Selling Investor shall first offer to sell the same to the Promoters and in the event: 
(a) the Promoters refuse to purchase the same; or (b) such Selling Investor obtains an offer 
from any Investor other than the Selling Investor (“Non-Selling Investor”) for purchase of 
the ROFO Shares at a price higher than the price at which the same was offered to be 
purchased by the Promoters (“Offer Price”), then such Selling Investor shall sell the ROFO 
Shares to such Non-Selling Investor, provided that the price of the ROFO Shares shall not 
be lower than the Offer Price.  
The Promoters and the Non-Selling Investors shall each have the right to purchase the 
ROFO Shares in proportion of their respective shareholding in the Company at the Offer 
Price (or higher).  
In the event: (a) none of the Non-Selling Investors agree to purchase the ROFO Shares; or 
(b) the Selling Investor obtains an offer from a Third Party Buyer for purchase of the ROFO 
Shares at a price higher than the Offer Price, then such Selling Investor shall sell such ROFO 
Shares to such Third Party Buyer, provided that the price of the ROFO Shares shall not be 
lower than the Offer Price.  
2.7  
Investors’ Right 
of First Refusal 
Subject to the Promoter’s lock-in as set forth in Clause 2.4 of this Term Sheet, in the event 
any of the Promoters or any other shareholders other than the Investors (“Selling 
Shareholder”) intends to sell all or part of their shareholding (“ROFR Shares”) in the 
Company to any person, then such Selling Shareholder(s) shall first offer the ROFR Shares, 
to all the Investors (“Non-Selling Shareholders”) at the same price as they have offered to 
such person. The Non-Selling Shareholders, at their sole discretion, shall have the right to 
purchase the ROFR Shares in proportion to their inter se shareholding in the Company. 
2.8  
Tag-Along 
Right 
Subject to the Promoter’s lock-in as set for in Clause 2.4 of this Term Sheet, in the event any 
of the Promoters, or the other shareholders other than the Investors decide to sell their 
shareholding in the Company or a portion of it to any person (“Buyer”), and the Investors 
do not exercise their right of first refusal as referred to under Clause 2.7 of this Term Sheet, 
then the Investors shall have the right (but not the obligation) to require the Promoters or 
the other shareholders as the case may be, to ensure that the Buyer purchases the pro-rata 

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
4
Equity Shares on the same terms and simultaneously with the shares of the Promoters and 
the other shareholders. The Promoters and/or the other shareholders shall not sell any of 
their shares to the Buyer unless the Buyer purchases the Equity Shares. It is hereby clarified 
that any transfer of shares by any of the Investors shall not be subject to any tag along rights. 
The procedure governing exercise of tag-along right will be detailed in the Definitive 
Documentation.  
2.9  
ESOP 
The Company shall implement an Employee Stock Option Plan (“ESOP”) constituting at 
least [●]% and not exceeding [●] % of the post-issue share capital of the Company on a fully 
diluted basis, with approval of the Investor Director, the quantum of which will be decided 
in the Definitive Documentation. The ESOP will be used for attracting and retaining talent 
in the Company.  
2.10  
Affirmative 
Voting Rights 
The Company and its shareholders shall not be permitted to take any decisions on certain 
matters without such matters having first received the approval of the Investor Director at a 
Board meeting. The customary affirmative rights will be listed in the Definitive 
Documentation.  
The Investors will have the right to vote pro-rata to their shareholding (on an as if converted 
basis) in all shareholder meetings.  
2.11  
Liquidation 
Preference 
Subject to applicable law, the holders of Equity Shares shall have preference over other equity 
shareholders (“Liquidation Preference”) to distribution from the Company or from other 
third parties, as the case may be, upon the occurrence of a liquidation event (as described in 
the Definitive Documentation) and shall be entitled to receive in preference to the holders 
of other equity shares, an amount which is equal to either: (a) the pro-rata share of the 
Investor’s shareholding on as if converted basis plus all declared but unpaid dividends; or (b) 
the Investment Amount plus all declared but unpaid dividends, whichever is higher. 
Transactions constituting liquidation event shall be detailed in the Definitive Documentation. 
2.12  
Information 
Rights 
As long as the Investors hold any shares in the Company, the Investors shall receive from 
the Company (i) quarterly (un-audited) financial statements within [30 (thirty)] calendar days 
from the end of the preceding quarter, (ii) annual (audited) financial statements within [60 
(sixty)] calendar days following the closure of the preceding financial year, (iii) operating / 
business plan within [30 (thirty)] calendar days prior to the commencement of the following 
year and (iv) any other operational and financial information as per the requirement of the 
Investors. 
2.13  
Exit 
Mechanism 
1. 
The Company and the Promoters shall make all reasonable endeavors to provide exit 
to the Investors by way of:  
(a) an initial public offering of the Company at a mutually agreed minimum valuation 
within 5 (five) years from the date of Closing; or  
(b) strategic sale of the Equity Shares at the price acceptable to the Investors within 
6 (six) years from the date of Closing provided the Company and the Promoters fail to 

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
5
facilitate an exit under Clause 2.13(1)(a) above. 
2. 
Drag Along Option: In the event the Company and the Promoters fail to provide an 
exit to the Investors in accordance with Clause 2.13(1) above, the Investors shall have 
the unilateral right to sell their Investor Instruments (including shares) to any third party 
and the right to drag along the Promoters requiring the Promoters to sell whole of part 
of their shares, if required by such third party, to enable exit by the Investors. 
Detailed provisions with respect to the exit rights of the Investors shall be incorporated under 
the Definitive Documentation. 
2.14  
Free 
Transferability 
Subject to Clause 2.6 and provided that the Investors do not sell the Company’s securities 
held by them to any competitor of the Company, the securities held by the Investors in the 
Company shall be freely transferable at any point of time, subject to applicable law. The term 
‘competitor’ shall be defined in the Definitive Documentation. 
3.0 
DOCUMENTATION AND INCIDENTAL MATTERS 
3.1  
Definitive 
Documentation  
 
The parties shall enter into a Share Subscription and Shareholders’ Agreement (“SSSHA”) 
for the furtherance of the said Proposed Transaction and to inter alia incorporate the rights 
and obligations of the Investors and the other shareholders of the Company, within [90 
(ninety)] days from the date of signing of this Term Sheet, which date may be mutually 
extended by the Parties. The SSSHA, the restated articles of association of the Company and 
any other documents incidental to the Proposed Transaction shall be collectively referred to 
as “Definitive Documentation”.  
3.2  
Conditions 
Precedent to 
Closing 
1. 
A complete legal and financial due diligence of the Company to be completed to the 
satisfaction of the Investors.   
2. 
Obtaining of all regulatory permissions, approvals or consents required in relation to the 
Investors’ acquisition of the Equity Shares.   
3. 
Execution of the Definitive Documentation in form and substance in accordance with 
the agreed terms as enshrined in this Term Sheet, together with any other agreements 
and documents that may be deemed necessary by the Parties. 
4. 
Execution of an employment agreement between the Company and the Promoters in 
form and substance agreeable to the Investors.   
5. 
Amendment of the Company’s articles and memorandum of association and any existing 
shareholders agreement to permit the issuance of the Equity Shares and all associated 
rights of this Proposed Transaction and as provided for in the Definitive 
Documentation.   
6. 
No material adverse change shall have occurred in the business, financial condition, 
results of operations, or prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries.   
7. 
Any other conditions precedent that may be deemed necessary by the Investor(s) 

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
6
pursuant to the due diligence conducted on the Company or otherwise.   
3.3  
Standstill 
Provisions 
During the period between the Effective Date and the date of execution of the Definitive 
Documentation / or  the date of termination of this Term Sheet, whichever is earlier, the 
Company shall not, without the Investor’s consent: 
a) enter into any commitment or transaction for acquisition of property, business or any other 
asset, or do anything which is not contemplated by this Term Sheet and which would have a 
material adverse effect on the business of the Company and the Proposed Transaction, save 
and except in the ordinary course of business;  
b) conduct the business of the Company otherwise than in the ordinary course;  
c) enter into any commitment, transaction, arrangement or agreement with related parties (as 
defined under the Companies Act, 2013);  
d) incur any substantial indebtedness;   
e) appoint or relieve from the services of the Company any senior employee; or 
f) make any change in the share capital of the Company. 
3.4  
Representations 
and Warranties  
The Company represents to the Investors that the Proposed Transaction: (a) is in accordance 
with applicable law, including but not limited to, Indian foreign exchange regulations; and (b) 
shall not result in the Company violating any terms in respect of existing corporate or 
statutory approvals. 
3.5  
Statutory 
Approvals 
The parties understand and agree that each party shall be responsible for obtaining the 
statutory approvals required for completion of their respective commitments of the Proposed 
Transaction described herein. The parties agree that they shall, where necessary, provide no 
objection letters and any other correspondence that may be necessary for the other party to 
obtain statutory approvals.   
3.6  
Events of 
Default 
The Definitive Documentation will set out customary events of default and consequences. 
The events of default shall include breach of any provisions of the Definitive Documentation 
by a party. 
4.0 
GENERAL 
4.1  
Expenses 
All costs and expenses which constitute the basic and requisite transactional expenses in 
respect of the transaction contemplated herein (including consultancy/advisory fees, due 
diligence, stamp duty or other statutory charges) (“Basic Expenses”) shall be borne by the 
Company. Any expense in addition to the Basic Expenses initiated by an Investor shall be 
borne by such Investor.  
4.2  
Confidentiality 
Each party hereto shall keep all information about the Proposed Transaction (including the 
terms of this Term Sheet and the discussions between the parties) confidential and shall not 

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
7
disclose the same to any third party without the prior written approval of the other parties. 
Standard exceptions to confidentiality obligations (including disclosure of information 
mandated under applicable law) shall apply. Any disclosure to a party’s representatives, 
employees, agents or assigns shall be strictly on a need-to-know basis.  
4.3  
Exclusivity 
The Company and the Promoters agree that following [60 (sixty)] days from the execution 
of this Term Sheet, neither the Promoters nor the Company, either by themselves or through 
any other person, shall approach or participate in any discussions or negotiations or solicit, 
discuss and/or encourage any financing for the Company by any other person in any manner 
and will not provide any information relating to the Company to any other potential investor 
and will clearly indicate to such other potential investors that the Company and the 
Promoters are bound by this Clause 4.3. 
4.4  
Termination 
This Term Sheet shall terminate [90 (ninety)] days from its execution unless mutually 
extended by the parties or mutually cancelled by the parties. It shall automatically stand 
terminated upon replacement by the Definitive Documentation.   
4.5  
Amendment 
The parties may amend the terms of this Term Sheet by mutual consent in writing.  
4.6  
Governing Law 
and Jurisdiction 
This Term Sheet shall be governed by the laws of India. Any disputes arising out of or in 
connection with the validity, interpretation or implementation of this Term Sheet or the 
Definitive Documentation shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of [●].  
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
Term Sheet (Equity) Template (India) | OS v. 1 | November 2016 
 
 
8
Schedule 1 
 
Shareholding Pattern (Pre-Closing) 
 
Name 
No of Shares 
Percentage of Shareholding 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100 
 
 
 
Schedule 2 
 
Shareholding Pattern (Post-Closing) 
 
Name 
No of Shares 
Percentage of Shareholding 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
Total 
[●] 
100 
 
 
Acknowledged and Agreed: 
 
[Signature Pages to Follow] 
  
 
